WHEN DID SHE WAKE UP
I WAS NOT THERE WAS THERE
OUR FRIEND STANDS
EARLY UP, NOT TRUE
TORTURED
AH!  YOU THINK SHE
HAS A CONSCIOUSNESS
CAN BE
THEN YOU STILL LOVE HER
- Ready?
- Yes.
Let's go.
If you are here, you already know
you already know who she is.
A very important personality
in the world of music.
Lydia Tár has many talents.
Degree in piano performance
at the Curtis Institute,
Phi Beta Kappa of Harvard.
She received her doctorate in
musicology at the
University of Vienna with
Specialization in indigenous music
from the Ucayali Valley
in eastern Peru,
where she spent five years in the
Shipibo-Konibo tribe.
As a conductor, Tár began her
Career with the
Cleveland Orchestra,
one of those with the
nicknamed "The Big Five.
This was followed by a number of
important positions,
in the Philadelphia Orchestra, among others,
the Chicago Symphony Orchestra,
the Boston Symphony Orchestra,
until it gets here to our New York
Philharmonic Orchestra is coming.
With the latter she organized
the concerts
of the refugees from
Highway Ten in Zaatari,
where over 75,000
people took part.
She became famous
for her orders
contemporary
works by artists like
Jennifer Higdon, Caroline Shaw,
Julia Wolfe and Hildur Guðnadóttir.
And she programmed
her works explicitly
at the side of
elite composers.
She was quoted as saying:
"These composers are having a conversation.
It may not be
always so polite."
Lydia Tár has also composed music for
composed for stage and screen.
She is actually one
of our 15 EGOTs, which
People who have won the four
biggest have won
Performing Arts Awards:
an Emmy, a Grammy,
an Oscar and a Tony.
As you can imagine,
it is a very short and sparkling
List that includes Richard Rodgers, Audrey
Hepburn and Andrew Lloyd Webber
and of course,
Mel Brooks.
In 2010 she founded with
support from Eliot
Kaplan the scholarship
for accordion conducting,
entrepreneurship
and performance opportunities
promotes for female conductors,
to give them access to residencies in the
largest orchestras in the world.
2013 Berlin elected
Tár as successor
by Andris Davis
as first conductor.
And it's been there ever since.
Like her mentor Leonard Bernstein
Tár has a special fondness for Mahler,
whose nine symphonies she recorded during
during her five major periods.
However, she never managed to complete the
complete the so-called "cycle".
so far only with an orchestra.
Under his direction Berlin recorded
eight of Mahler's symphonies
and saved the Symphony
No. 5 for the end.
Due to the pandemic
this had to be cancelled for last
year planned performance
be canceled.
Next month she will record
Mahler's Fifth in public,
which complete the cycle
and are distributed in a box.
from Deutsche Grammophon,
just in time for Mahler's birthday.
And as if that were not enough
her new book, TÁR
on TÁR, released by Nan Talese's
Label published by Doubleday.
Just in time for Christmas a
perfect gift, especially
if you have a very large
Christmas stocking.
All of us at The New Yorker would like to welcome you
welcome.  Thank you for being here, Maestro.
Thank you, Adam.  Thank you very much.
Lydia, I saw you...
wince slightly,
when I read your biography.
I have forgotten other fabulous
achievements?
Or are you aware
Incredibly diverse
to have achieved?
In this day and age
"variable" is a dirty word.
Our time is that of the specialists.
If you try to do more than one
thing, people don't like it.
- Every artist is cataloged.
- Oh yeah.  Aggressive.
Do you think that the classical music community will
will decide at some point,
not to make any gender-specific
differences between artists?
I am the wrong person to contact,
I do not read reviews.
- Never really?
- Nope.
But it is strange
that we are forced
felt to replace "maestro" with
to replace "maestra".
We call female astronauts
not "astronauts".
It's true.
But when it comes to
gender bias
I really have no complaints.
no complaints.
And Marin Alsop, JoAnn Falletta,
Laurence Equilbey and
Nathalie Stuzmann either.
There are so many incredible
women who have gone before us.
Women who did the hard work.
It's fascinating.
Can you... Who, for example?
OK, of course.
First Nadia Boulanger.
This is the happy example.
The sad
example, Antonia Brico,
who was an incredible
conductor she was,
who, however, was relegated to the lackluster
status of a "guest conductor
locked up and treated like a
treated like a sideshow.
She never had the opportunity
to conduct a large orchestra?
Yes. She conducted the
Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra and
the Met Orchestra, but
still as a guest conductor.
At the time it was ...
a gender identity show.
But times change and the
conversion of this apostle Paul to the
female is developing well, even if
even if it is not yet complete.
Impressive, considering,
that he had fallen off his horse.
Lydia, could we talk a little bit
talk about the transposition?
There are still
still people who do not know the
conductor as a human metronome.
metronome.
Yes, that is partially true.
- Yes, but it's...
- Keeping up the pace is not trivial.
- Surely it is not only that.
- Yes, I hope so.
But it all depends on the pace.
The tempo is the essential
element of the interpretation.
You can't start without me.
I start the clock.
My left hand shapes,
but my right hand that
second hand, sets the
sets the pace and drives it forward.
But unlike a watch, my second hand
my second hand sometimes stops,
stops the tempo.
The illusion is,
that I am like you in
real time to the
orchestra in real time,
to make the decision at the right
to make the decision to reorganize everything
start, restart or eliminate the
eliminate the tempo forever.
The reality is right off the bat,
I know exactly what time it is
and the exact moment when we
arrive together at our destination.
The only real
discovery for me is the sample.
Never during the performance.
Difficult question when
you define a thing
Bernstein gave you, what would it be?
gave you, what would it be?
Kavanah.
Yes, this is the Hebrew word for.
attention to meaning or intention.
Define the
Priorities of the composer
and yours and how they
complement each other.
Yes, Kavana.
This word will have a different meaning for a large part of the
public will have a different meaning.
Yes, I can imagine.
Am I correct in my
Assumption that the conductor in
of classical music was not
always been a stage presence?
No, it's true.
I have read that the
first violin was responsible for this.
Yes, the first fiddle, whether he
has interest or ability or not.
When did it change and who changed it?
With the French
composer Jean-Baptiste Lully,
who used a huge pointed
stick to cut the
to mark the tempo by
he hit the ground.
I guess the musicians
did not appreciate it very much.
This technique ended
during a performance when
Lully accidentally cut his foot
cut his foot and died.
Yes, gangrene.
But anyway...
In any case
the conductor really
indispensable when
the orchestra grows.
And once again we come
we come back to Beethoven.
It does not start
with the eighth note.
Time struck... silent.
Someone had to set the pace
for this section.
Someone had to
Flag in the sand
And say, "Follow me."
And when that person
was Lenny, the
orchestra on an
extraordinary journey.
Because he knew music,
especially Mahler,
as good or better
than anyone else.
And he often played with composition.
Because he wanted the
orchestra give the impression,
never seen this music,
heard or interpreted this music.
So he did radical
things, like ignoring
Tempo Primo or the
Ending with Molto Ritardando,
even without such comments.
Was that exaggeration on his part?
No no.  Absolutely not.
He celebrated the joy of discovery.
You told us that your
discovery occurs repeatedly.
When does this
process for you again?
We start on Monday.
Immediately?
With this one it is like this
Mahler's intention in
to read the tea leaves.
With his other symphonies
we are very well informed about it.
He was so enthusiastic about Rückert's
so enthusiastic about Rückert's poetry that
he did not set
set any other text to music.
But everything changes with the fifth.
The fifth is a mystery.
The only clue he leaves us,
is on the cover of the manuscript.
Yes, the dedication to
his new wife Alma.
So when we join Mahler for
his fifth symphony,
The first thing to do
is to try,
this very complex
marriage to understand.
Do you have an interpretation of this marriage
different from amber?
You mentioned my ethnographic
research in the Amazon.
Well, the Shipibo-Konibo
get only one icaro or song,
when the singer is there
is, on the same
Page like the spirit,
who created him.
And so merge
past and present.
They are two sides
of the same cosmic coin.
I understand this
definition of fidelity.
But Lenny believed in Chuwa.
The Talmudic power to
turn back time and
change the meaning of your
to change past deeds.
When he played the "Adagietto" at the funeral of
Robert Kennedy, he played the "Adagietto",
it took 12 minutes.
- He interpreted it as mass.
- Yes.
And when you listen to a
listening to a recording of it, you will
you certainly feel the tragedy
and pathos you feel.
This interpretation was very true for Mahler
very true later in life, after
his career had failed
and when Alma left him for Gropius.
But as I said before,
it's all a question of time.
And this work was not born during
born during a painful tragedy.
She was born during a budding love affair.
So you choose...
Love.
Yes, but for how long?
Seven minutes.
I loved what you said to Adam ....
on the interpretation
and especially the feelings.
And that you have chosen love.
I know they say you should leave the tears
for the audience, but...
do you sometimes feel
overwhelmed by emotions
- when you are on the podium?
- Yes.
Yes, it happens.
With certain works there is
a cycle of expectation and
Reward, and there are parts
of it that I find so incredible,
that when I lead,
not really faster
but I am looking forward
to arriving there.
Yes, it does for me.  Every time.
So it's physical
and emotional at the same time.
It must take hours
to return to earth.
You say things that
others remember, but you yourself don't.
And sleeping is impossible.
It's like my first year at Smith.
What piece has that effect on you?
Oh, I saw you!
I saw you at the Met last year,
when you staged The Rite of Spring.
It was very powerful.
Thank you very much.  Thank you very much.
It is the 11 pistol shots....
it is a prime number...
that comes across as
victim and aggressor.
It was only when I directed
I was away from it
convinced that we
are all capable of murder.
It's a fantastic bag, by the way.
Thank you very much.  Glad you like it.
Oh, a lot.  A lot.
We are sorry.  Your dinner
with Mr. Kaplan.  His driver is waiting.
OK.  I'm sorry, I forgot
I forgot your name.
- Whitney.  Whitney Reese.
- Whitney.
Whitney, of course.
Sorry, unfortunately
I am a little late,
- I have an important meeting.
- I see.  Can I write to you?
LIVE THEY SEE WHAT I SEE
THE BEDROOM OF PLACIDO DOMINGO.
SHE THINKS SHE IS BEING IRONIC
That's perfect, Aldo.
I was hoping we could celebrate.
No.  Me too.
I have a class at Juilliard.
Good.
I promised Ben.
I am sure you will apply for
the accordion scholarship.
We should expand the scholarship.
- The number of applicants?
- No, our gender.
It seems strange to reserve it for only
to reserve it for only one gender.
We have proven our point.
And we had no problems
placing them successfully.
Except one.
Oh good.
She had problems.
That's what I was told.
The topic comes up at every meeting at
Citibank with his father.
We are sorry.
How are you.
I can handle it.
Do you want to destroy the founding principle
of L'Accordéon?
We would lose donors.
Yes, that's probably true.
Maybe we can try it later.
Sure.
Bryant Park is booked for the 25th.
Nan asked me to fill the
fill the room, the
Kaplan Foundation will buy radio
and buy outdoor advertising.
And clickers.
It's too big, Eliot.
She should have booked the beach.
Relax.  It will be perfect.
And it almost falls on your birthday.
I'm sorry you couldn't come to my 3rd.
I'm sorry you couldn't come to my third year with Mahler in London.
Me too.
Petra had a thing at school.
And I promised Sharon that I would be there.
Sure.
I was just hoping to get your opinion.
My evaluation forms
were excellent.
They are confidential, Eliot.
The first oboist is a big fan.
When I got home, I listened to
yours with the Israel Philharmonic.
I was overwhelmed
by what you had to say in the
last movement from the
strings have got.
How did you bring them
to this level?
Was it the room?  The musicians?
The musicians were not satisfied.
The first violin came to me after
the first rehearsal to me
- and asked me if I was Jewish.
- What?
It seemed unusual,
almost suspicious
that a non-Jew would like to conduct
would like to conduct music.
I felt like Max Bruch.
Being very Jewish myself,
the Kaplan Foundation
awarded them a
large sum for the
Order of a Klezmer.
- Maybe they'll invite me to conduct.
- They are lucky to have you.
You are welcome.
I am aware of my position.
Money can't buy everything.
You don't really believe it.
Know that I tried to bribe Francesca
to bribe her to see your grades.
She sent me to hell.
Cheer.
The gentleman sits over there with the gnome
has his eyes glued to our table.
At first I thought he saw me
but I think
he's looking at you.
Try to ignore it.
I can wash my hands
wash my hands if you want to be alone.
And I will never forgive you.
I don't need to be told here by someone
just like me
be held.
What time are you going tomorrow?
Francesca watches the flights.
Tell him to stop.  Leave whenever you want.
You do not have to do this.
My motives are
not entirely altruistic.
A look at your performance notes.
Good.
- 5:15 pm, how are you?
- Good.
OK, I have to go quickly.
We are recruiting for a vacant position.
Tell me it's Sebastian.
Be fair, Eliot.
Sebastian has a decent technique.
He has the magic wand.
A month ago I was in
Bunkamura to see how the
well-oiled touring machine
plays Chopin's Concerto No. 1.
Good old Sebastian
is Mr. Tempo Stolen.
It would be more like Tempo De-Robot.
Why do you keep it?
He's Andris's protégé, you know that.
Exactly.  You have inherited this
inherited this decision.
Seven years is a long time to
to pretend to respect them.
There they have
different employment contracts.
He is a strange guy.
- Who?  Andreas?
- No Sebastian.
He has fetishes.
Fetishes?  Like what?
Nostalgia for Kalmus'
Miniature scores from the pre-war period,
the pens he saw in photos of
of Karajan in his hand.
This kind of thing.
It's sad.
Yes, but you're not wrong.
I will have to replace it.
From whom?
What love tells me.
This note for the strings.
Mahler gives it to you personally.
Boring, peaceful,
deeply felt.
Let's go.
Trust me, you don't want to
use other people's ideas.
Even less mine.
But I want to do it.
- Will you stop bothering me?
- Yes.
Free bows.
Not a pretty sight for an audience.
But if you can keep your musicians
can keep them focused,
the sound is ingenious.
There is no glory for a robot.
Do your own research.
OK.
Let's stop here.
- Thanks Max.  Very good.
- Thank you very much.
Just so I understand,
Why did you come to Juillard?
It is the best
music conservatory in the country.
The people at Curtis and
Eastman might dispute that.
Juillard is a brand, isn't it?
Did you come to study with a brand?
- Nope.
- No, that's it.
A teacher or graduate
has at some point in your
Life triggered something in your
imagination triggered.
Someone you aspire to become.
So who was it?
Sarah Chang.
- Are you a violinist?
- Yes.
Ok okay.
I understand why you decided
to conduct this piece.
It must be a familiar
pleasure to listen to all these strings
who behave as if they were
behave as if they were tuned.
This piece is very topical.
And here the composer tells us,
that we should start with
"Back and forth tremolo movements
with a metal brush
and rattlesnakes that
slowly glide across the skin."
Looks like the
René Redzepi's reindeer recipe.
It's exciting to play new
music, isn't it?
- Yes.
Perfect.  All right, go
to the other fellows.
I know that you are all studying with
Mr. Wolfe conducting,
but how many of you
also study composition?
Yes, your name?
Olive Kerr.
All right, Olive.
What do you think about,
of what we just heard?
It's great.  There is an
incredible atonal tension.
I agree about the tension.
You can think intellectually
or physically enjoy
the bliss of this
so-called "atonal" element,
but the important question
is: what do you use to lead the way?
What effect is achieved?
What interests me?
Good music can be as ornate as
a cathedral or as bare as a pot
as long as it enables you
answer these two questions.
max.
What do you think?
When Anna Thorvaldsdóttir
gave her master class,
she said she was influenced by the
been influenced by the form
and the structure of the landscapes and
nature in which she grew up.
But I'm not sure she was interested in describing those sounds.
was interested in describing these sounds.
Very point counterpoint.
Yes.
The least we can say is that
the intention of its composition is vague.
If his intention is vague, like
As a conductor, do you have
a point of view?
To be fair, sometimes
you have no choice.
And you have to face
face an orchestra
and pretend that there are
invisible structures.
And I pray you don't know the
shame of having a 433 on the
podium as if you were selling a
you are selling a car without an engine!
Because, my friends,
now is the time, music
to conduct, which requires something
demanded of you.
Music that everyone
knows, but different
will hear when
you show them off.
Max, how about a Kyrie?
Something like Bach's Mass in B minor.
I am not interested in Bach.
Not in the mood for Bach?
Ah Max.
Have you read Schweitzer's book?
No.
You should.  It is an important text.
This was the opinion of Antonia Brico.
So much so that she went to
Equatorial Africa and worked in a
canoe up the Congo,
to join Schweitzer
and ask him to teach him
what he knew about Bach.
I have a picture of
her with a pith helmet,
Did you...
Did you play or conduct Bach?
Honestly, as a BIPOC and
Pangender person, I will say,
that Bach's misogynistic
life really prevents me
to take his music seriously.
Let's go.
What do you mean?
He has not fathered 20 children?
Yes, it is documented.
With an incredible number of partitions.
I apologize
myself, I understand
not what his
talents are in the marriage bed
have to do with B minor.
Yes. Okay, whatever
whatever, it's your choice.
After all, "a soul chooses
its own society."
But remember,
that the downside of this choice,
is that it reduces your attention.
Separating what is acceptable
and what is not, is today
the fundamental basis
of many symphony orchestras.
who consider it their supreme right
to get rid of idiots.
As unreliable as it is, the investigation
of Max's allergy is meritorious.
Classical music,
composed by white, pious,
Austro-Hungarian and heterosexual types,
Can it uplift us individually
and collectively uplift us,
and who can decide?
And Beethoven?
Are you interested?
As a lesbian who is ready to
to commit on the first night,
I am not sure whether
I like good old Ludwig.
But I confront him.
And I will be with its extent
and its
and its inevitability.
Come on, Maxi.  Do me a favor.
Have Bach examined
examined in this way.
Sit down.
It's difficult, isn't it?
It could be a piano student
in the first year.
Or Schröder playing for Lucy
Or Glenn Gould.
Only if something changes...
that we enter it and that
we hear what it really is
It's a question.
And an answer.
Which begs another question.
There is a humility in Bach.
He does not claim to be sure of anything.
Because he knows that it is always the
question that moves the listener.
Never the answer, right?
The big question I ask you,
it's: What do you think, Max?
They play very well.
But white men, cisgender composers,
that's not my thing.
Don't be in such a hurry to be offended.
The narcissism of small differences
leads to boring conformity.
I suppose Edgard
Varèse is acceptable.
Anyway, I like Arcana.
So you must know that
Varèse once said that jazz
is "a Negro product exploited by the
exploited by the Jews".
That did not stop Jerry
Goldsmith from using him for
plagiarize the music of his Planet
of the apes to plagiarize.
This is the perfect
insult, don't you think?
But the problem,
when you find yourself
as epistemic
dissident defined,
is that, if Bach's talent is based on his
gender, his native country, his religion,
his sexuality and so on.
can be, yours can.
One day, when you are in the
big world and are invited
conducting a large or small orchestra
small orchestra to conduct,
You will find
that musicians are more than
light bulbs and music on their
have on their desks.
You have also received
Evaluation forms received,
whose purpose is
is to evaluate you.
What criteria should
they use for this?
Your musical reading and
stick technique or something else?
Let's all look at his subject using
Max's criteria to look at his subject.
In this case Anna Thorvaldsdóttir.
Can we agree on two
observation points?
First, that Anna was born in Iceland.
Then that she, like a
Waldorf teacher, is a super sexy woman!
Raise your hands.
Let's turn to the piano,
and let's see how
one of these elements
to the person
refers to the person sitting in front of us.
Where are you going?
You are a fucking bitch.
And you are a robot.
Unfortunately, the architects
of your soul seem to be social media.
To perform the mask dance,
one must honor the composer.
You must sublimate yourself, your ego
and sublimate your identity.
You have to face the
public and
God and extinguish yourself
erase yourself.
OK.
Jake said you
want the seat cover.
I will be,
if I make it,
Weight gain until
next month to avoid.
You never get fat.
Your mother wrote to me.
She knows you're busy,
but she'd like to come by.
Next time.
Do you have any ideas for dinner?
No.
No, I stay here and
bring this piano to life.
I have doubts about the
natural E in the cello line.
Does it not seem to you to have the warm
tonality of a Charles Ives?
Absolutely not.
Don't worry, I'll call Houston
Houston.  They will understand.
You have to see some
New Haven friends tonight?
No.  Not really.
I'll go later for the notes?
No, that will not be necessary.
OK.
I almost forgot...
it was left for you at the reception.
From whom?
They didn't say.
What, no map?
No.
Okay, leave it there.  Thank you very much.
Good evening.
When were you informed?
This morning.
Mr. Kaplan apologized profusely.
I was able to get us on the 7:00 flight
you like, via Munich.
Little time for correspondence,
but special services are there.
Where do we stand with DG?
Tell me they have finally
realized that he is wise
authentic 33 rpm for
to make this version.
No signs of life yet.
Did you see the e-mail
I wrote for you?
- Sent last night.
- Let me follow their response.
What do you think about the
conversation with The New Yorker?
It went well, in my opinion.
You are slipping away.
I was talkative.
No.
No way.  You were fabulous.
Francesca.
If you are interested in
Conducting interested
are, you must
be able to speak openly.
Maybe you should have talked less about
about the relationship with...
Lenny?
No, I was thinking of Mahler and Alma.
You implied that she had
betrayed him.  I do not agree.
Oh, really?
Alma also composed.
But he insisted that she stop.
Said there was only room for....
- An asshole in the house?
- ... an asshole.  Yes.
She accepted these rules.
No one decided for her.
#Game rules.
How was your evening?
Without stories.
Are there any Sharon pills left?
No, but doctor
Korovin ordered them.
Thank you very much.
I have received another strange
email from Krista.
How should I react?
TU it does not.
This one was really desperate.
Hope dies last.
IN DANGER
You get benefits from the
Energy supplier,
without me knowing it?
The heart palpitations returned.
It... it throbs.
I can't find my metoprolol anymore.
I found this in the drawer.
It is the good?
Yes.
Thank you very much.
Is it a new bag?
Just a gift from Eliot.
You want it?
You are fine.
Let's slow it down...
at 60 beats per minute.
In fact, it is 64 strokes.
I tried last night,
to call you on your cell phone.
And again at the hotel.
I had to sleep.
You've never slept so well.
Don't scold me.
I am worried about Petra.
She begins to keep it all inside.
Be clearer.
She comes home with bruises on
on her shins.
When I ask her about it
she remains silent.
I hope it is
only soccer and
not something from
the bio-German.
That's what we were talking about.
Maybe we need to try harder,
to find a friend for him.
Last year it was
very difficult with two
old ladies like us
to be locked up alone.
She is old enough
to learn the piano.
I will teach him.
It could be good.
How is your heart?
Better now.
Knock knock.  Who is here?
Lenny?
Walter?
It's you, MTT.
Why do you insist
delay everything like this?
You have to be happy, not scream like
like a fucking porn star.
... Michael Tilson Thomas ...
Hello Petra.
Why are you hiding?
Tell me and I will help you.
Sharon.
I take Petra to school.
- Come.
- Bye.
"Who will carry the shroud?"
"We," said the wren.
- "The rooster and the hen."
- "The hen."
"I'm going"...
"We will wear the shroud."
"And who will sing a psalm?"
"I do," said the thrush, which
sat down on a bush.
"I'm going to sing a song."
"Who will ring the bell?"
"Me," says the bull,
because I can shoot.
I'm ringing the bell."
"All the birds of creation
sighed and cried
when they heard the bell ring for
poor Robin!"
Everything will be fine.
OK.  Which one is it?
The red one.
Goodbye.
Hello Johanna.
I am Petra's father.
She told me a lot about you.
I know what you're doing to her.
And if you do it again
you know what I'll do?
I will punish you.
And if you tell an adult
what I have just said...
she will not believe you.
Because I am a great person.
But you have to believe me.
I will punish you.
Remember, Johanna,
God is watching all of us.
Are they in the music room?
Yes.
No.
Hello.
I'm sorry, master.
We were not sure if you would come.
We were told that
there was a scheduling conflict.
Do you want me to take notes?
No, thank you Sebastian.
It will not be necessary.
Do we have our evaluation forms?
We have reduced them to three.
Let's come number one, unless,
someone has another topic to discuss.
Goossens stands up, gives his best.
And of course Leon was famous
for its great vibrato, right?
Beecham looks up and says:
"Gentlemen, vote."
How is the writing going?
I never know how to respond to that.
It gives the impression that it is
it is a physical act.
How does the bowel movement go?
OK.  How is the reflection?
Yes, not too good.
I hear things and
am euphoric, but
I find myself in
a persiflage.
Everything is pastiche.
We all have the same musical grammar.
Take a look at Beethoven's Fifth.
The theme of the third movement
has the same interval sequence as
the opening theme of the last
movement of Mozart's Fortieth.
Maybe it was a coincidence.
No.  Not in this case.
If you want to use the
notebooks used
examine, the
29 measures of Mozart's finale,
copied from Beethoven.
Oh my God.  The
I find extremely depressing.
I finished reading your manuscript.
That's great, Lydia.
A classic.
It will be available long after
my book is forgotten.
Yes, you are right.
The first impression will
always be available.
Too modest, as usual.
Thank you Andris.
I will appreciate that.
You can use it.
A summary for the covers.
Thank you very much.
I'll send it to the editor.
Hopefully there is still time.
I am proud to call you
my student
even though I could teach you
I could not teach you anything.
It is not true.
Without you I would not have
this position here.
They would be in London, New York.
It is not Berlin.
And I'm not sure what Sharon
would do if we had to leave.
She is so close to her family.
Yes. The Goodnow Sisters.
The first one was a
real pain in the ass,
while he still
had power at DG.
Heike is a woman
with many opinions.
And this voice.
The signal-to-noise ratio
is unbearable.
I had to hide in my old house to write.
house to write.
Schopenhauer measured the intelligence of a
by his sensitivity to noise.
Didn't he also throw a woman down the stairs
down the stairs who was chasing him?
Yes.
Although not sure
is whether this private and
personal fall in
his work is relevant.
You are late.
- Give me your stick.
- Thank you very much.
That's good.
But it's also...
It's as if we heard it from very,
very far away.  That's how it is...
We are sorry.
Harald, could you do a quick
installation for us?
The same is needed behind the scenes
needed for the live recording.
One, two, one.
Sounds great, but we
need to hear it.
OK?  It's not...
It is much too slow.
- How do you like it here?
- Good.
Excellent, but it's a shame,
not to record directly to the hard disk.
Criminal, to be more precise.
Will you send me the MP3s?
Sure.  But you don't want the WAVs?
No, just what the
people will stream.
- And the video?
- Yes.  Camera A left of the stage.
- OK.
- OK.  Thanks guys.
- OK.  Goodbye.  You're welcome.
- Goodbye.
Do you want it louder here?
Here it is not good because the
dominant dynamic is strong.
A little something, maestro.
During the Scherzo
the clarinet solo is still too loud.
It should be an accompaniment figure
for the 1st violins.
But otherwise I would
say that everything is going very well.
Thank you Sebastian.
Thank you very much.
Accurate assessment?
I don't think so.
The clarinet is marked piano
and we are pianissimo.
Sebastian likes to sit
likes to be in the orchestra.
But no problem with the
sound balance on the balcony.
A little more playful.
That's what Tanya and I did with
Gustavo.  It is very powerful.
Yes, great work, Karl.
We could do a little less
try ... studied.
Something so simple?
I do not know how you
want to illuminate it.
Tell Harald to
to dim the light halfway.
Room lighting dimmed to half.
It can work if
we bring in more light.
If you want something like that,
We need to bring in next week
bring in the bulbs.
Leave out the lightning bolts.
Thanks for waiting.
Of course, master.
What are your impressions
from today's rehearsal?
Sebastian finds your solo
in the scherzo a bit strong.
It is possible.
I do not agree.
Their dynamic indications
are higher than those of the 1st violin.
Yes, it is true.
Sebastian is getting old, Knut.
I will replace it.
You are the first to know.
Fountain...
In this case I will organize a meeting
and we will coordinate.
No. You won't.
There must be a vote.
I know the electoral conclave well.
But the appointment
of the assistant conductor
is my decision alone.
Can I count on your support
from others?
Good.
Who will you replace him with?
I am thinking about a few
names, but the
The most important thing is to
to take care of it immediately.
I understand.
Maestro, the others
musicians want to know if
you have decided in favor of the
have decided.
Soon, Knut, I promise you.
How are you.
I change from major to minor
Sorry, I knocked.
I knew you wanted
your keys back quickly.
Yes thanks.
Have you used the
company card used?
We can use it for your cab
home.
Yes. How are you.  You can go.
It wasn't just the keys.
I need someone to hug me.
This is not the place, Francesca.
You are... it's not...
I just came...
I just received this from
someone at L'Accordéon.
Oh no.
When did it arrive?
Day before yesterday.
This e-mail she sent you
looks like it's already ...
Delete it.  And the rest.
There is no reason to get
action to get stuck.
Let's go.  There was nothing
could have done anything about it.
She was not one of us.
I keep thinking about
our trip to Ucayali.
We were so close, the three of us.
But that was before she had
had any demands.
There was something wrong with her.
She had so much potential.
It's true.
Yes.
Almost as much as you.
Now we have to forget about it.
You understand?
OK?
I am sorry.
I know you're working.
Your...
Your keys are on the kitchen table.
... STAY AWAY FROM MISS TAYLOR.
...A DISTURBED
AND UNSTABLE WOMAN.
...KRISTA TAYLOR IS
NOT SPECIFIED AT ALL...
I CAN NOT RECOMMEND
HIS STRANGE BEHAVIOR.
NOT SPECIFIED AT ALL
I MUST WARN YOU
DANGER
TO YOUR ORCHESTRA
She immediately fell asleep.
I did not have to
foot not hold.
And she came home
home in a much better mood.
Very well behaved.
I met the new cellist.
How was it?
Olga Metkina.  Russian.
An experienced musician.
Good.
His facial pose is a bit exaggerated.
What?
Its legato.
It looks like it's about to come.
She is young.
So you've met them.
Francesca talked about it.
She organizes a welcome dinner.
You should move that.
His invitation is conditional.
Do you have reservations?
Not really.
We need to see if it's a good fit.
Did you take your stamp?
Thank you for reminding me.
How was Johanna yesterday?
She doesn't come near me anymore.
Good.  Let me know if that changes.
Didn't you come to my office
you didn't come to my office?
No, Lydia.
Because you know that you should not
be there without me.
I say.
That's it.
It's not that simple.
It has to be... more confusing.
A lot of pressure.
Very familiar to all.
It doesn't help you to know this
know this piece so well.
Same place.
Please.
You have to watch.
It must be like a person who
sings with her heart for joy!
Maestro!
What a surprise!  I was just about to go out for dinner.
- Can I get you anything?
- No thanks.
- Tea perhaps?
- No, thank you, Sebastian.
Sometimes I forget how
impressive your collection is.
Is that Kalinnikov?
Isn't it wonderful?
Its place is in a museum.
I bought it in 1990 for 100 rubles
at a fair in Kiev.
Immediately after the fall of the Wall.
It must have been truly amazing.
Amazing to have experienced this.
I had just arrived here with
Andris arrived here,
and suddenly
the impossible became possible.
That's what I want to talk about.
Reunification?
No. But sit
please sit down.
About the possibility that you
conduct a subscription orchestra.
But I do.
Yes, but not as a bandleader.
If not now,
when, Sebastian?
You mean leave Berlin?
Go somewhere else, yes.
But this is my home.
Our only home is the podium.
We all live with a suitcase in our hands.
You know it as well as anyone.
Thinking.
Take your time.
We do not have to
not decide.
It's the girl, huh?
Sorry, what girl?
You don't ask.
You say.
I knew as soon as she arrived
that my days were numbered.
Andris told me not to worry.
I should not worry, but I knew.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Oh stop.
Only because no one dares to say it.
We know what you do.
The little favors you give.
I am...
I don't know what to say, Sebastian.
Do you have the audacity to question
to question my integrity?
No. I'm sorry, master.
I do not know what I am saying.
No. Obviously you know
you know very well what you are saying.
If that's what you think of me,
don't you think staying here
is completely unthinkable?
No, please, maestro.
Excuse me.
Why this one?
Your obsequiousness, your hypocrisy
hypocrisy, your misogyny?
I am not a misogynist!
Misogamy.
It is the hatred of marriage.
Andris still has a very strong marriage.
And you occupy an
Apartment on the same floor.
I don't like what he's implying.
It could be more than
nasty rumors.
I say.
We barely survived the mirror
survived when we came out of the closet.
But with Francesca
no one can say anything.
It's not like you were together.
Yes, it's true.  I have just...
It turns me on to think that the old
robot will be right about something.
He has probably seen Andris before.
Is there anyone other than
Francesca who is more qualified?
There are others who have the
have the same ability.
Wait to decide.
Where do we stand with DG?
I spoke with an assistant in
Boyd Muir's office who said,
that he does not know why he chose
a digital version.
What are the criteria.
But they have pressed for Long
Yu a whole CD.
Sure.  The Chinese
market is amazing.
Good.  No more kid gloves.
I will see Lucian.
Perhaps he should remember his
Anneberg inclusion initiative.
Do you have contact information?
I'll send it to you.
My machine has derailed again.
I have already spoken with IT.
Let me borrow yours.
Thank you very much.
Where is the matcha?
NO ORCHESTRA HAS OFFERED ME
OFFERED ME A PLACE!
I CAN NO LONGER BE THAT PERSON
NO LONGER BE
I HAVE NO FUTURE NOW
I didn't know where you were.
I trained to take the strain off a muscle.
The matcha is cold.
How are you.  I don't need it.
Let's get back to work.
Francesca, you did
done what I wanted,
and all correspondence
with Krista deleted.
Exactly?
I am not sure.
I will check.
You know, Sebastian is leaving.
Could you create a list
of possible replacements?
Of course you are welcome to
add your own name.
Thank you very much.
Your lunch with
the new cellist.
I wanted to postpone the meeting after the
Orchestra's voices.
I write to him.
No wait.
Might as well see what she has in her stomach.
This food.
The cucumber salad is very good.
It is the only option
here if you are vegetarian.
Do you eat fish?
Not really.
We can go somewhere else.
Like Store Kitchen.
It's a silly tradition,
but new members will come here
brought to dine with the spirits
of the past.
Everyone from Napoleon to Beethoven
has eaten at one of these
tables eaten.
Yes, and Clara Zetkin.
I wonder which ones.
Who is this?  A musician?
No. She helped to found the social democratic women's
women's movement in Germany.
And the KDP, until Hitler was in power
was in power, it was banned from the USSR.
Clara Zetkin.
On March 8, flowers will be laid on his memorial plaque
in the necropolis of the Kremlin wall.
On his birthday?
No, International Women's Day.
Are you ready, Maestro?
- Yes.
- The shish kebab, then the veal.
For you?
The cucumber salad.  Thank you very much.
Good choice.
More bread?
That's good.  Do you want something?
Oh, no.  Thank you very much.
Have you lived in Berlin for a long time?
Not at all.
Until the decision of the
orchestra with friends in Neukölln.
Simonov will keep your place?
Yes, I think.  It is my uncle.
But I have always dreamed of
to play with the Berlin orchestra.
Me too.
There is no place like it.
Rostropovich must be your hero?
Of course, he was fantastic.
We study it at the Moscow
Conservatory, but as
I was younger, my favorite was
Jacqueline du Pré was my favorite.
She made me
to play the cello.
Which disc was it?
No hard disk.  Youtube.
The Elgar Concerto.
Safe.  With Barenboim at the
London Philharmonic.
I don't know who was responsible.
But she touched me.
I decided to learn it and play
to play with the youth orchestra.
Holy challenge.  How old were you?
13 years.
I would love to hear it.
You have made a video.  I will write to you.
My mother's diary, which is delivered...
is not there.  You have it?
No.
You are sure?
No, sorry.
Wonderful.
Before we take a break
I know that you
wonder what the
Backing track will be,
and I have thought a lot about it
thinking and wondering,
whether we could conduct an informal
survey could be conducted
about the possibility,
the Fifth and the
Cello Concerto by Elgar
together?
Considering,
what we have all been through
and what we are
still go through,
and when we are finally
reunited as a family,
I think the soloist
should come from us.
- One more question.
- Go.
And this is for you, Gosia.
I mean, normally
it should be you.
But in view of that,
what we ask you with Mahler
would you mind
if we auditioned?
It's unorthodox.
But theoretically I have no objections.
My only hesitation will depend on..,
when these auditions take place.
I do not want them to
disrupt our section rehearsals.
No. You are right.
We have to hurry.
What do you think about Monday?
OK.
Good.  Knut, can you put together
a group for Monday?
And remember,
all section members
are invited.
Let's see what she says.
OK I have to go.
Britta, hello.
Lydia.  I have seen the end.
What do you think?
It is fantastic.
I can hardly wait
to hear the recording in public.
Yes, well, I'm glad,
when it is over.
This is always the case.
You are busy
and I would like
not make your work too
difficult, but...
Andris Davis called.
He is annoyed that
I'm replacing Sebastian.
No no.  That is another thing.
But let
Laura know when
you have selected your
selected.
prepare a press release
to prepare.
Yes, of course.
So what did he want?
To worry about the
punctuality of a
driver complains, he thinks
were provided by the committee.
Are you aware of this?
Yes.
No, it's just...
Something I'm paying for.
Why does he think that
it's the committee?
Because he has to believe in it.
He must believe...
He must believe that he has not been forgotten.
On the academy is engraved
Karajan's name engraved,
and everywhere there are
shrines to Abbado's glory.
But the name Davis
we do not see anywhere.
OK.
So maybe Francesca
could talk to the driver?
Sure.
Something different.
It's unfortunate.
Oh yeah? Budget overrun?
Would you like me and Mrs. Sewing
for a drink?
No.  Nothing to do with the orchestra.
Do you remember a
L'Accordéon scholarship holder?
named Krista Taylor?
Yes. Why that one?
Apparently, she committed suicide.
Oh, dear God.  The poor.
Their parents must ...
Wait, sorry, I...
I don't understand.
Why were you asked to deliver this
to deliver this terrible news?
Why has L'Accordéon
not contacted me?
It's difficult, Lydia.
Mr. Kaplan thinks you should
contact a lawyer
before you talk to someone
at L'Accordéon.
I assume
than anyone else, including Eliot himself.
I... I'm sorry,
why would I do that?
It appears that charges have been filed.
He didn't say.
They were communicated to the
Accordion Council.
Mr. Kaplan said he was
sure that there was nothing
will come out, but one cannot be
can't be too careful.
I'm sorry to call so late.
Lydia Tár speaks.
I need to speak with Mr. Singer right away.
Yes, it's urgent.
Tired?
I sleep badly.
I felt the same way before
I felt the same way before an appointment.
Lydia,
Are you sure about your decision for Sebastian?
Who will you replace him with?
Maybe Andrew Crust.
He was Otto Tausk's assistant at the VSO.
Not the girl?
Andreas ...
Have you ever had a problem
with a student or colleague,
Who misinterpreted your intent?
- Did anyone complain about me?
- Of course not.
At this point, they missed their chance.
- I'm out of the race.
- Sure.
Thank God I was never taken off the podium like
Jimmy Levine off the podium.
Or hunted like Charles Dutoit.
Why this question?
There have been so many stories
stories about it in the news.
Being accused is
like being guilty today.
But that was also the case
years ago with Furtwängler as well.
A little bit also with Karajan.
Who was the best?
I have never played under the direction
by Furtwängler.
When I came here
the oldest members...
had secret opinions.
And they wanted to
they wanted to leave behind.
- What?  The war?
- No, after the war.
Denazification.
If someone accuses you,
the process starts all over again.
Furtwängler never joined the party.
He refused to take the salute
or to lead the "Horst Wessel Song".
Or to sign his letters with "Heil Hitler".
Also the ones he wrote to Hitler.
But he had to be denazified.
By then he was
partially retired,
he played for corpses.
He played for corpses?
He played secretly in a cemetery.
You equate sexual misconduct
with being accused of being a Nazi?
In any case, you had to be ready.
For years I was as
careful as possible.
How many are auditioning on Monday?
None.
None?
Maybe Martin.
He never got along with Gosia.
He would like to be the center of attention.
He still has to audition.
Sure.
He must abide by the rules.
Are we not too solemn?
As far as I know, there is
only one musician, right?
No, Maestro, there are two.
Well, it's unanimous.
Number two.
And we have a problem.
She was not officially invited,
to be a member of the orchestra.
She does not have to
play solo for us.
The criterion for
the audition
was all members of the section?
- Then his hearing is eliminated.
- Nope.
Francesca, call Martin
and let him know.
Hold on.  Gosia, we need to talk.
I will confirm solo show dates
confirm with her.
Thank you very much.
Sit down.
I have opted for the replacement
decided by Sebastian.
I want you to know,
that it was not easy.
The position is associated with enormous
Responsibility connected
Apart from my
affection for you, must
I would choose someone with
more experience.
Leave me alone.
I don't have your diary!
I've already told you, I...
Oh I'm sorry.  Come in!
Good!  Good!
I find the contrast...
much better, don't you think?
How do you drink your coffee?
Black.  Strong.
Is it okay if I play?
Oh yes of course.
That's as far as I went.
But it is good.
This part here...
If we replace the C
is replaced by a B?
It is better.  I like this sound.
Come.  Take a break.
Sharon.
Sharon went out with her sister.
The way they whispered,
that doesn't sound good to me.
The child is in his room.
Peter.
What are you doing here?
I hide from her.
Why this one?
Because she told me to put my
Put my things away, but they are.
I can see that.
Come.
They are all waiting for you.
I will give everyone a pencil.
All of them? You can't lead them all.
It is not a democracy.
Hey, that's good.
You are happy?
The glissandi worked very well.
How long have you been with
Miss Taylor together?
I will check with my
Assistant,
but by accumulating everything
accumulate, a few months.
- Thank you master.
- You are welcome.
This recording
remains on a storage medium
Professional secret protected
server at Mr. Singer.
Perfect.
He will get in touch with you to
Help you prepare for the deposition.
The deposition?
Yes. I assumed that you knew that.
Mr. Singer's office says they have
with your assistant.
Francesca, get your pretty little
little ass to work right now.
The only message we got
we got from Francesca,
was an e-mail to my
assistant in the middle of the night.
submits his immediate resignation.
She said she would contact her when she had more details.
when she had more details.
What details?
A new address, I suppose.
In the meantime we have been trying all morning
to find someone who
help you temporarily.
At the moment your new
Assistant Conductor would be fine.
No. It is not
available until the fifth.
Yes, I am ready.  Let's go.
I know how much you trusted him.
Little bitch with two faces.
Imagine how much pain she is in.
- Don't defend them.
- Damn, slow down!
She will come back at a gallop.
I have a stupid
phone like all robots.
Sending text messages is not witchcraft.
Slow down!  Or leave me hanging!
Francesca.
You invade.
Quickly!
We need to transfer it.
We need to transfer it
...everything will be fine, miss.
Not the hand!
Use the belt!
Sorry for being late again.
Do you live here?
Not usually, no.
Make yourself at home.
I will dress.
Do you have a towel?
- Yes.
- Thank you very much.
I was surprised by the rain.
There will be a small concert
with musician friends.
You should come.
Thank you, but I...
really have to go home.
You have a child, don't you?
I will not do that.
Animals are better for some.
- Goodbye.
- Oh yes!  Goodbye, yes.  Goodbye.
Why didn't you go to the police?
I fought, he ran away.
What else can you say?
I give you something
for the pain.
- I do not need anything.
- I give you something.
Was someone mean to you?
You are the most beautiful
person I know.
What's going on?
Hold my foot.
It is better?
Yes.
Look at me
Let us eliminate this problem.
"What happened to his face?"
"Did she have her nose and eye redone?
and sped off before the
Surgeon was done with the other one?"
Nope,
I was attacked.
Thank you very much.
I'm fine.  Really.
You should have seen the other one.
OK.
Stopped!  It burns.
You need to see a doctor.
He doesn't have an appointment
appointment until next week.
I call back and tell them,
how much pain you're in...
No, let's end this here.
The scale looks good.
Apart from a brief review
we should focus on the Elgar.
Are you sure?
I think.  Yes.
There we are pretty
solid, but I
will try to keep them
hold back here.
You are impressed by the
Power of your Glissando
tied up and try to
to do the same.
It's probably...
Where were you attacked, maestro?
No matter.
Stop.
Thank you very much.
There you are.
When did this fall take place?
It's a blur in my mind.
Three, four days ago.
It's just my shoulder.  Yes.  It burns.
As if I had fallen asleep
asleep by the pool.
OK, you can get dressed.
You have damaged nerves.
The burning sensation you have,
is called notalgia paresthetica.
Nostalgia?
Notalgia.  No S.
How is it treated?
You do nothing.
It will disappear eventually.
An adjustment would help.
Your spine is twisted.
They must be a Negro product,
exploited by the Jews.
Let's turn to the piano,
to a super sexy young woman!
It's... it was very good.
You can cum physically,
but what are you doing for me?
- Britta.
- Hi.  You have seen it?
Yes. I just saw him.
Meeting this afternoon.
- This afternoon?
- It is a problem?
No, no problem.
First, this course was given in an
area without tech objects given.
And whoever violated this rule
has violated what we have seen,
to create linguistic traps, to
create, to redefine my texts.
Look at the reverse
Student's shot.
This was not possible in real time.
It is an outline.
I'm sure that's true, Lydia.
And if it was only this
video, we wouldn't be here.
Unfortunately, it's with a
article of the New York
Post about Krista Taylor's
Suicide linked,
alluding to other companions they say they have interviewed.
they say they have interviewed.
Laura, can you tell us about
about your conversations?
We had none.  We
have no answer to this
because we wanted to discuss the
wanted to discuss the strategy.
- Here is the article.
- Thank you Laura.
"Has many young women
to sexual acts for
professional favors
seduced and instigated.
Blocked opportunities for
Those who did not submit."
It is completely fictitious.
And the Post is an
ugly scandal sheet.
No serious person reads it.
And as for Krista Taylor,
she was disturbed.
She fixed me.
How?
She sent me strange gifts.
She harassed me on the Internet.
- She was trying to send me signals.
- What genre?
She destroyed my Wikipedia page,
to claim that she was my muse.
It's easy to check.
And did you report it or complain about it?
No.
No. And I should have.
I... I felt sorry for her.
- Did you tell Sharon about this?
- I didn't want to disturb him.
- Shouldn't you have?
- Yes!  Yes.
What do you advise?
So far, it has not received much
attention paid to it.
No magazine has quoted him or
invited to comment on him.
Let's wait and see what comes next.
We wanted to warn you, Lydia,
before the donor meeting
on Friday.
Unfortunately, I will not be there.
I advise you to go there.
Got the book launch in New York
got and apparently a statement.
In this case we will inform you
inform you after your return.
Have a nice weekend.
I am starving!
I finished my thing today.
Congratulations!  We should go celebrate.
Packing.
- Hi.
- Hello Lydia.
Did you see my score?
No. Why that?
She is not with the others?
No.
Are you sure she's
is not in my office?
And the orchestra library?
Can you check again?
I don't know!  Yes exactly.
When will you be back?
Day after tomorrow.
I promise?
Yes I promise.
- Good night.
Thank you very much.  Do you have bottles?
Sure.
Anything else before
I close the cabin door?
Yes. We are waiting for another person.
To all my
questions regarding your
Communication with
Krista Taylor and others,
Their answers were always
"I don't know"
or "I don't remember".
May I show you something
to jog your memory?
Documents such as e-mails from you or
from your assistant, Miss Lentini, that you have
would help you to remember,
what you said and what you didn't say?
You've heard it now.
Bryant Park moved you to 53rd Street.
Here is the statement
from the Kaplan Foundation.
I'm sorry, this is probably
the last time we will see each other.
I will be able to buy my
buy my own airline tickets.
Ask someone else to teach you
teach you how to crawl to the podium.
Is there a back entrance?
"The usual metaphors
for the explanation of music
are based on the idea
that music is a language,
nevertheless a secret language.
And so sacred and impenetrable.
These happy
noises we make,
come closest to the divine
closest, but
something born...
HOW IS SHE
...through the simple movement of air.
TALK ABOUT THE DIVINITY I
DIE WHEN SHE USES ALLEGORY
is similar to a bird's song."
Dinner in half an hour?
Thank you, but I have jet lag.
I will go to sleep.
Yes, me too.  I go...
probably do the same.
Yes Hello
Yes, there is no water in my room.
Yes, I checked the minibar.
How long does it take until I
get a bottle of water?
Forget that.  I'm going downstairs.
Lobby, please.
Oh my God.
It was Britta.
Eh?
So you have heard the lies of
from all those robots.
I'm not interested in Juilliard history.
She has too much time to lose.
She is an extremist.  Of the worst kind.
As soon as I leave here,
she'll bring you rumors.
Or she asks me about other
unsubstantiated rumors
like Samantha Hankey.
An insignificant being who has
has nothing better to do than to work at
my name at a dinner party
and hinting at things.
I am sorry for you.
You can abstain.
I tried to call you last night.
Did you have fun with her?
My back hurts like hell.
Francesca left and I needed
someone to carry my luggage.
Who should I ask
to accompany me?  Knut?
I accept many things from you.
And at the end of the day
I could get over it.
But that's not the point, is it?
These accusations of the parents of the
Girl who committed suicide?
Do you really believe what they say?
These are lies.
Can you imagine,
what it was like to walk into my
Department and see everyone
whispering about me?
It has nothing to do with
with what they're accusing you of.
It is the simple fact of not warning me
warn me that our family is in danger.
How would that have helped?
What could you have done
to make things better?
Because I deserve it.
These are the rules.
You have to ask me for advice, like you always did.
advice, like you always have.
Just like you did when you
here as a guest conductor
have come to look for a
seek permanent employment.
You asked me about
politics, about
Strategies on how we
could address this.
Of course, these conversations took place
takes place in another bed.
or on the couch in this terrible
place from which you can't separate yourself.
My old grief dwells within me.
How cruel to define our relationship
as a transaction.
Only one of your connections was not.
And she sleeps in the next room.
Apparently that did not
did not occur to you.
Come here, honey!
- It was good.
- Really?
- Yes.
- Do you want to go to the park?
TU not that.  You are welcome.
Please don't.
Hello, I am Anna Franzen.
This is my late mother's apartment.
Yes, I'm sorry to hear about your mother.
Thank you very much.
How is your sister?
Eleanor lives in a center in New Koelin.
Sorry to
the disturbance, but my
Husband and I sell
this apartment
and we listened to the music.
I'm glad you like it.
We were wondering if you
rehearse at certain times,
to organize visits the rest of the time
to be able to organize.
We do not want to
not scare off buyers
with all the noise.
No, of course not.
Apartment for sale!
Your mother is buried
And now you will keep his
Keep apartment for sale!
Your sister is in prison!
You put your sister in prison!
You are all going to hell!
Your apartment is for sale!
Look at me
Keep going.  Look at me.
That's my score.
They are disturbed.
That's my score!
You damn little worm!
I am fine.
Your signed CAMI voucher.
Normally
Lisa Rich would be in the
Reservation department
ideal for you,
but she has too much to do.
So, I'd like you to meet
with Jake.
Jake, will you show Lydia what
you've prepared for her?
Fountain,
it is a reset.
What we are looking for is less, not more.
We want to be selective and
rebuild everything from the beginning.
We need a new story.
Only here.
Here, thanks.
From 40. Thank you.
You felt triumphant, right?
Now we can use the
Understanding the meaning of music.
This is what it feels like,
when you hear it.
In the end, we took this giant step.
And here we are.  We know
now what music means.
And we do not have to understand the "crosses
and the "quakes" not understand
and all this
mess to make the music
to understand when
she tells us something.
And the most beautiful thing is that
the different feelings,
that it awakens in you, there are no
limits are set.
Some of these feelings
are so unique and
deep that words cannot
cannot describe them.
We cannot always
name what we feel.
Sometimes we can.
We can say that we feel joy,
pleasure and peace.
Love-hate relationship.
But every now and then we have
we have feelings that are so unique
that we have no words to
have to describe them.
That is why the
music is so wonderful.
Because the music names them for
us, but in notes
instead of words.
Everything is in its movement.
You must never
forget that music
Movement is, it
is always going somewhere,
transforms, changes and
flows from one note to the next.
And this movement tells us more
about our feelings than a million words.
And now we'll play you a...
Toni.
Hello Linda.
We are sorry.
Lydia.
Mom said you would come.
You have to hide.
Why should I hide?
I have no idea.
It doesn't affect me anyway.
A lot of stuff without
explanation, you have to admit.
What do you mean?
As I said, it's none of my business.
But you don't seem to know
where you come from and where you are going.
I can go in?
Thank you very much.  Thank you very much.
I am sorry.
We just wanted to confirm,
that the composer is not
will come from Osaka to participate
participate in the concert.
I have searched in
music libraries for
searched for his notes,
but found nothing.
It just happened.
It is fantastic.  Thank you very much.
Shirley and Cirio
will gladly show you the
Sights
of our beautiful country.
Thank you very much!  Thank you very much.
Oh my God.
Thank you very much.
We could stop somewhere
stop to swim.
Yes, in the waterfall.
Not in the river.
Why this one?  Is there a problem with the water?
Problem with the water?
No.
There are crocodiles.
I did not expect to find them so
far from the sea.
They are from a movie
escaped with Marlon Brando.
It was a long time ago.
You survive.
Woman!  Woman!
Here is the order.  Ten dollars.
Thank you very much.
Are there any around here... Thank you.
Where can I get a massage?
I had hoped it would
help me against jet lag.
Yes.
It is a very pleasant place.
Thank you very much.
Continue to the aquarium.
The aquarium?
Yes, over there.
Sorry, I do not understand.
How it works?
Here you select a number.
I dial a number?
Number five?
Hello.
Before we begin, let
us a little about the
Intention of the composer
speak for this piece
and what she might be looking for.
Five minutes.
Thank you very much.
Sisters and
Brothers of the Fifth
Fleet, now is the
time has come.
My goodbyes will be short.
I've never been good with words.
When we board this boat,
a turnaround is not possible.
The next land your feet
will enter, will be
be the New World.
If any of you lack the courage,
step aside now and don't let
not be judged by anyone.
Subtitle: Hugi-CH